In this video, will cover step three
and our Spring Boot application
we'll set our application properties.
Let's move back over to our Spring Boot application
and let's open up our application properties file.
Let me expand my window for a bit
and let's move down here.
And so we'll add these three new entries here
for the okra oauth configuration properties.
So each property starts with okta oauth 2 dots.
So, I'm just going to copy this
and just paste it X number of times.
And for the first item here, it's the client ID.
So, this is where we'll going to plug in our client ID
and then we'll also have a client secret.
So we'll plug in our client secret,
and then finally the issuer.
So, this is going to be the actual location
of your authorization server
Okta with the appropriate path.
So, you should have something similar to these
at this point.
Now, let's swing over to our web application
and copy some of the information from it.
So, let's go ahead and start with our client ID.
So, on okta there's client ID
we can simply copy that to the clipboard
and then swinging back over and just pasting it.
And now of course your values are going to be different
because they're unique per application.
So, I'll do a similar thing here for the client secret.
So, I just moved here to the client secret.
Copy that to the clipboard
and then for issuer, ooh, not, not issue, issuer, okay.
That's a typo here, be sure to have issuer
so I S S U E R.
So, we're missing an R here.
That's really important.
So, be sure you update that accordingly for this property.
And so, now I need to provide the okta domain.
I can just move down here and copy that.
And I'll just paste it here
in this section here for your okta domain.
Okay. So our okta domain and then oauth 2 slash default.
All right,
So, this is basically what your properties file
should look like at this point.
And then you may wonder why am I showing you my client IDs
and my secrets?
Well, there's no security issue here
because this is just a demo video.
And these are just,
this is just a demo app that I'll kind of throw away.
So, even if you enter the exact same values
for your app, it won't work.
'Cause I'm just creating these demo apps.
I use them for the video and then I throw them away.
So, no security issues here.
Okay. So this looks pretty good.
I like it.